---
title: "Who is Truly Faithful in Our Lives?"
description: "This post attempts to answer who is (or can be) truly faithful in our lives"
header: "Who is Truly Faithful in Our Lives?"
---

As humans, we always have the desire to be loved by others, whether to comfort us, to accompany us, or to justify us, depending on the situation. And according to our expectations, every love should be accompanied by faithfulness. However, that is not the reality of the world we live in. Most of the time, love would turn out to be like a beautiful cloud pattern which vanishes after a few seconds. We would be desiring another love from the same thing again, but we could not find it anymore. We would mourn for a moment, realizing that love could vanish. Eventually, we would turn away to other things, which only gives temporary beauty again. The cycle would go over again and again, until we get tired of finding genuine love that comes from faithfulness. That is just a simple example, in reality, we would experience much more complicated similar situations. If this situation has not happened to you, that’s great, but I still really desire you to know what I am about to share after this. For sooner or later, you would be experiencing the pattern in your daily lives, as I have several times experienced the pattern in my life.

There have been a lot of moments in my life where I felt loved by somebody, but all of that have only lasted for a short period of time. When I was writing this post, I was not feeling faithfully loved by someone. Yes, I do believe my relatives and close friends love me, but what I mean with “being faithful” is continuously, not like the cloud I previously mentioned. I hope you get the point. Eventually, my relatives and close friends will pass away, so their love does not qualify as faithful love anyways. This feeling of lacking faithfulness from others is much more aggravated when I was writing this post alone, without anyone to accompany me. But why would I want to search for someone to accompany me if their faithfulness eventually passes away due to other reasons?  I would turn myself into the vicious cycle of searching for faithful love if so. Now, the big question for me is, who is truly faithful in our lives then?

We could turn our hope towards objects, right? No, just like the clouds, objects will deteriorate and fail. How about wealth? No, as wealth is always subject to inflation, scarcity or obsolescence. How about science? No, science can be subject to dangerous changes. Do you know how artificial intelligence can become self-aware and self-independent? Now, how about idols or religious figures and traditions? No, as they are lacking genuine relationship with us and are subject to revisions. And how about natural things, such as animals and natural-occurring substances? No, as they are time-bound and will pass away just like humans. In the end, we cannot expect anything to be faithful to us, not even objects, wealth, science, idols or natural things. All the things previously mentioned can turn away from us, during our lives.

Fortunately, I have good news for you. There is one more Thing which exists, and He is able to accompany us faithfully whenever and wherever we are. He is more faithful than you can think of ever. He is not subject to changes, removals and deteriorations, but He is everlasting, omnipresent and immutable. He does not only love us, but He is in control of everything, from the beginning to the end of time, space and matter, including our lives. His love and faithfulness are also much more than anything that has existed and will exist. Yet, He once was in a position lower than us, and He was humiliated by us. Our ancestors once rejected and tortured Him, but He has proven that He is worthy of love, faithfulness, glory and power through His endurance. He was in a worse position than you can imagine of, yet He really loves us, that He came into the world to show His faithfulness to us, not only for today, but for eternity. Can you guess who He is?


He is the God, **Jesus Christ**, despite was crucified, He was resurrected shortly after in His glory, proving that death is not upon those who believe in Him and follow His commandments through their faith in Him. Unlike how religions typically teach (i.e. following certain laws and traditions to be acknowledged by God), He offers a way for complete reconciliation between God and us despite with our current flaws. His salvation is not open for only those who was obeyed God’s laws perfectly, but anyone including those who do not deserve for it. If you decide to trust Him right now, He will make a way for you to have a genuine relationship with Him, with His everlasting faithfulness, starting from now until beyond time. His love and faithfulness have never failed, including to me and you.

I desire you to know more about Him and start trusting Him in your life, but that is back to your beliefs. I believe that God gives free will to every of us to decide our faith, and He also respects your decision. But remember, every decision has its consequences *(and TL;DR, you probably want to start trusting in Him sooner rather than later)*. If you decide to believe in Him, I strongly recommend you read The Gospel of John as a starting point. Now we go back to the question, who is capable of being truly faithful in our lives? According to our discussion and my experience, I can conclude that only Jesus Christ who qualifies to be the answer to the question.

> *Many a man proclaims his own steadfast love, but a faithful man who can find? (Proverbs 20:6)*
